you know what's going on guys this is
sid AKA vicious to some for coming at
you with another review and this time
it's for father would finger boards i'm
going to be reviewing their decks and
wheels today the first thing i want to
talk about is their deck it is a 5-ply
deck and the ones that i have are there
engraved decks and these engravings are
very well done it's awesome hope you
hopefully you guys can see the details
here i hope the cameras doing it justice
and it's a bunch of skulls and it has
the father would name in a banner right
there and when i first saw these on
fingerboard TV des blog i thought they
looked amazing so I contacted father
would and we worked out a deal to to do
a review for them but this is the shape
and like I said it's a five-play deck
and the the craftsmanship is amazing the
counter sinks on the truck holes were
perfect all the truck holes aligned with
the trucks base plates perfectly there
was no struggle to put them on it is
this one is 30 millimeters wide and
about 98 inches long which is a perfect
shape um but for me this one was it has
a bit of a deep concave more of a medium
deep and the kicks are pretty high um
it's usually not the type of deck shape
that I prefer I prefer a more mellow
mellow concave a medium kick style deck
um but the performance again wasn't
really that bad I mean the pop was great
the control was not not that bad took me
a little bit to get used to because
again if not the type of kicks that I'm
used to but I was I was fine with the
performance and the locker is very shiny
very nice overall a great performing
deck and very reasonably priced so if
you're a new finger border
and one looking to get to wooden
fingerboards these are only fifteen
dollars which is a great deal for for
beginners if you want to see if you're
into the wooden decks and I'll have all
the information that you need in the
description to go check them out and
place your orders the website that they
have is more like a blogspot but when
you click on I believe the top left hand
corner there's an info button and it
will direct you to how to place orders
you can place orders through Facebook
through Twitter but all the links are on
their website and that website will be
in the description so you guys can go
check them out the rounding of the kicks
as well are very nice they're not to
cone so the performance there was
awesome that's actually really good nice
shape kick that i like but yeah again
overall a very clean very sturdy very
strong deck and like I said great price
firm for beginners if you want to check
out if you're into wooden fingerboards
now I do have another one here that is I
believe 31 millimeters wide so they come
with different widths but again it is
the same shape with the kicks and the
concave and you can see that it's a
pretty deep concave here so my
recommendation to father would would be
to maybe come out with a more mellow
deck that way you know you're broadening
your your customer base because not
everybody likes the high kicks and deep
concave myself I prefer more of a mellow
funk a medium kicks so if he came out
with a bit a bit more different shapes
and molds I think you would be able to
increase your customer base that way but
overall again check out this engraving
very nice on a blank bottom ply and
there's also colored plies on this one
too so the craftsmanship is very well
done I did enjoy the performance of the
deck once I got used to it and highly
recommend it to anybody but prefer not
preferably but I would really recommend
them to beginners to see if you want to
get into the wooden finger boards and
yeah definitely go check out father
woods again only fifteen dollars from
the grave deck very nice another thing
i'm going to review for them are their
wheels and these are the ones that have
a line color
in on the side and hopefully you'll be
able to see it that one fades from red
to blue and I have them I have them on
this set up to show you that they do fit
black river trucks these are black
grover 2.0 s and they fit with no
problem but it doesn't mean that you can
only use these on black river trucks
because what father would does is they
also include these spacers that you put
on the back of the wheel and these will
make the wheels fit any truck and when I
say any truck I mean any truck so I'm
these wheels are only twenty dollars
their bearing wheels they were all very
nice and usually what I came to check
the the grip pneus of a wheel is I
basically just take my fingers on it and
I'm gonna forward but as I'm rolling
forward I push the deck side to side
like that and if you feel that this
wheel has a bit of a nice grip to it
it's not too grippy if you can still do
you know power slides and reverts very
comfortably but yet there is still
enough grip for when you're doing your
flip tricks and what not is awesome and
for the price you can't complain the
shape is very nice as well they're
rounded on each end which makes it
easier you know for a nice flip and
revert and again powerslide like i
mentioned before and like i said before
they roll very nice and will fit any
truck the grip again is not too grippy
perfect in my opinion this is the type
of girl that I like on a wheel again
they are twenty dollars perfect for
beginners to see if you want to get into
bearing wheels you can check these out
try them out if you like them as time
progresses you can maybe get a more
professional product kind of like what
how I did I started off with low end
products and I've gradually worked my
way to more professional products but
I'm not saying that this isn't a
professional company don't get me wrong
I'm just saying that it's a great price
for beginners to to get into
fingerboarding to see if this is the
type of stuff that they want to get it
too so again these are their wheels and
I forgot
mentioned before that anything you order
will come with some stickers more of a
medium and small sticker the only thing
is the decks did not come with any grip
tape I don't know if they've come up
with our own grip tape yet but that
would also be another recommendation to
father would is to maybe include a piece
of grip with a deck order it's just a
little thing that you know it's a little
extra that customers really like so
again all the information is going to be
in the description they have a blogspot
which they will direct you to all the
ways that you can place your orders and
check out all their products they have
all the prices all descriptions in on
the blog spot and then click on the left
hand side info and it will direct you to
where you need to go to place your order
alright guys so again father what finger
boards is the company thanks for
checking it out and keep fingerboarding
two fingers peace